# 60BW - BIM Lead Meeting

2022.09.28



### Participants

**OK** - Hart Sanders

**JBB** - Kristian Fox

**Dowbuilt** - Luc Gray, Coby Vardy, Tori Waggonner, Liz Pipal, Hunter Hanahan, Rachel Patterson

**Silman** - Jessica Haberstock



### Feedback: TW & LP 

- **TW** - Always be reminding ppl this process is to mitigate paperwork and the RFI process which we will still have to use if issues cannot be resolved in time.
- **TW** - I would try to phase out resolution of clashes but clash the entire lower level. ...if that makes sense.
- **LP & TW**- Consultants are our clients in a way, so there request to not receive so many notifications are something we should try to work with and find a solution that makes them want to be apart of the process. The process should be engineered so people *want* to participate.
- **LP & TW** - Reiterate the scope of clash (entire lower level) but that Issues and resolutions will be phased (create issues/resolutions per the phasing schedule)

### Notes

- **DOW-HH** - OK has agreed to have all models published by Friday 10/7. **DOW-TW** to follow-up to ensure this is communicated
- **DOW-TW** run through dashboard, and clash detection process.
- **DOW- TW** - Hosting is resolved, using the 'published' method.
- **DOW-LP** - Present BIM 360 platform and process for creating, assigning and resolving issues.
- **OK-HS** - Hart to take Exteriors
- **Silman-JH** - Jessica can act as liason for SIlman
- **JBB - Kristian** - Provided feedback on creating reports that can be filtered as opposed to emails.
  - **JBB-k** - Requests **LP** to provide directions on how to acquire shared coordinates
  - **JBB-K** - Follow of Reports


![image-20220928084456365](assets/2022.09.28_60BW_BIM%20Lead___assets/image-20220928084456365.png)





